Team 3 11/17/2017
Attendees: 31tlead
Facilitator: lz
Coder: sp

9:12a
lz: Need to set up a line for 31tlead to call in to process improvement group meetings
lz: Feedback from other people that team 5’s representative is pushing their own agenda instead of group agenda

31tlead: We can possibly rotate members of the team. Is it enough to just call in?  Or do you want someone physically there?

lz: You can decide team dynamics.  Team 5 is the only team that is not setting time out – even teams with only one meeting per week are carving time out.  Unsure whether it’s because the idea of that seems so hard or because of miscommunication.

9:18a
31tlead: I don’t know a lot of details because not psychologist or therapist.  I hear/learn everything through my team.  I think our team representative has strong opinions beyond the Team 5 team .  I’m not her direct boss, just the Team 5 lead.  Other things go through other people in management. 

9:22a
lz: I wouldn’t have even known a lot of this feedback if people didn’t tell me.  I hear a lot of counter change talk, which demotivates others to hear “sustained talk” about well established topics.  Some people have been able to say this is my view but team may be mix, while Team 5 representative may be only representing her own view.

9:25a
lz: Some people feel “controlling” atmosphere.  But we can take this slowly so no drastic reactions happen.  Nothing would be terrible even if we took it slow.  It’s enough of an intervention to have 31tlead just dial in.

31tlead: May be better use of time to circulate items beforehand so there is less resistance and it runs better.

lz: Unclear whether even having the facilitator there is necessary.  Some teams are very much on the same page and some not.  (Gives over of how sessions will work, what resources exist to help use tools, etc.)

9:30a
31tlead: From my perspective, it’s helpful to look at all the data but maybe from the team perspective, it’s more helpful to look at therapy related data.

lz: (Talks about the learning objectives, different types of models, and team variation in data)
lz: Genuinely confused when we showed up to the Team 5 meeting and a provider from that team wasn’t on the same page, even though there’s nothing new here.

31tlead: We can definitely catch up to the other teams.  Historically, Team 5 is very closed off and resistant to external folks.  From start, people set a very paranoid or resistant vibe, which was a barrier to being collaborative.  It’s probably because we are siloed.  We work mainly with the distant clinics but are located here.  In the past, local site changes imposed on the team even if irrelevant.  I’m happy to facilitate and if there are things we can think about and come prepared, we can do that.

lz: This is useful feedback.  Some teams refuse to do work outside of meetings.

9:40a
31tlead: Interestingly, the team itself works really well.  We are able to have healthy discussions and divvy up the work.  External people coming in is hard but from the inside it looks good.  Overall, a major overhaul may be unnecessary.

lz: Does Team 5 go to the weekly BHIP in other clinic?

31tlead: No, we call in or go to the monthly non local meeting.

lz: We will need to send the MTL workshop script to 31tlead. (Runs through script with her briefly.  Runs through what other people gave as answers).

31tlead: People just don’t want vast changes.

lz: The idea is to align everyone on a shared goal when team decisions happen down the road.

31tlead: It may be helpful to give the session script for next week.  (Transition into discussing meeting time).

9:55a
lz: 8:15-8:30a works better because we have a standing 9am meeting.  I think you can get a better sense of different items by coming to the process improvement group meeting.

